hey Internet it's your good friends Mark
and Jimmy we have an assignment for you
we are doing a show for discovery it's
called Revenge of the Nerds now even
though I'm wearing these glasses I'm not
the nerd mark is the nerd mark is the
genius and the idea of the show is to
punish people who violate social norms
harmlessly but very creatively so the
glitter bomb is a perfect example of
this
nobody likes package thieves so I took
the opportunity to engineer a thing to
help them rethink their life choices and
look fabulous in the process but this is
a show for the people so we want to know
what people do in public that drives you
crazy
like for instance dog poop people who
don't pick it up grocery carts people
who leave their cart behind your car
people who Park in handicap spots bad
people but we need your help
let us avenge your grievances wherever
you're watching this video comment below
with your idea of what we could do and I
promise we'll read through every single
suggestion or at least have one of
Jimmy's interns do it in fact we are
going to punish people who don't pay
their interns our plan is to bring
justice to the world and order to the
United States of America or at least
just screw with some people so thanks in
advance for your help and be sure to
catch the show later this year on
discovery